README.md, before:

# Debugging .NET Applications with mirrord

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://mirrord.dev">
    <img src="images/mirrord.svg" width="150" alt="mirrord Logo"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/">
    <img src="images/dotnet.svg" width="150" alt=".NET Logo"/>
  </a>
</div>

## Overview

This is a sample web application built with ASP.NET Core and Redis to demonstrate debugging Kubernetes applications using mirrord. The application is a guestbook that stores entries using Redis and displays them on a web interface.

## Prerequisites

- .NET 8.0 SDK or higher
- Docker and Docker Compose
- Kubernetes cluster
- mirrord CLI installed

## Quick Start

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord-dotnet-debug-example
cd mirrord-dotnet-debug-example
```

2. Deploy to Kubernetes:

```bash
kubectl create -f ./kube
```

3. Debug with mirrord:

```bash
mirrord exec -f mirrord.json -- dotnet run --project src
```

The application will be available at http://localhost:5000

## Architecture

The application consists of:
- ASP.NET Core web server
- Redis instance for storing guestbook entries

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Upgrade to .NET 10.0 and fix mirrord config for macOS compatibility
- Update target framework, Dockerfile, and README from .NET 8.0 to 10.0
- Fix JsonSerializer ambiguity in Program.cs for .NET 10
- Configure mirrord to use Redis port-forward instead of outgoing TCP
  forwarding (workaround for .NET Redis client on macOS)
- Add Redis port-forward step to README quick start
- Add WSL2 note for Windows users

README.md, after:

# Debugging .NET Applications with mirrord

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://mirrord.dev">
    <img src="images/mirrord.svg" width="150" alt="mirrord Logo"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/">
    <img src="images/dotnet.svg" width="150" alt=".NET Logo"/>
  </a>
</div>

## Overview

This is a sample web application built with ASP.NET Core and Redis to demonstrate debugging Kubernetes applications using mirrord. The application is a guestbook that stores entries using Redis and displays them on a web interface.

## Prerequisites

- .NET 10.0 SDK or higher
- Docker and Docker Compose
- Kubernetes cluster
- mirrord CLI installed
- macOS or Linux (Windows users can use WSL2)

## Quick Start

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord-dotnet-debug-example
cd mirrord-dotnet-debug-example
```

2. Deploy to Kubernetes:

```bash
kubectl create -f ./kube
```

3. Port-forward Redis to your local machine:

```bash
kubectl port-forward svc/redis 6379:6379
```

4. In a separate terminal, run with mirrord:

```bash
mirrord exec -f mirrord.json -- dotnet run --project src
```

The application will be available at http://localhost:8080

## Architecture

The application consists of:
- ASP.NET Core web server
- Redis instance for storing guestbook entries

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
